Fixes #1238: Update Apoc Periodic to allow for Cypher Planner Switch (#2112)
neo4j-contrib/neo4j-apoc-procedures: docs/asciidoc/modules/ROOT/partials/usage/config/apoc.periodic.iterate.adoc

| params | Map | {} | externally pass in map of params
| concurrency | Long | 50 | number of concurrent tasks are generated when using `parallel:true`
| failedParams | Long |  -1 | if set to a non-negative value, each failed batch up to `failedParams` parameter sets are returned in `yield failedParams`.

> | planner | Enum[DEFAULT, COST, IDP, DP] |  DEFAULT | If not `DEFAULT` prepend to the `statement per item` parameter a `cypher planner=[VALUE_OF_CONFIG]` (or planner=[VALUE_OF_CONFIG] if the statement already has the `cypher` options)

Reviewer: The higher precedence of the configured planner over the planner set in the query itself should be documented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| planner | Enum[DEFAULT, COST, IDP, DP] |  DEFAULT | Any planner other than `DEFAULT` will be prepended to the second statement as `cypher planner=[VALUE_OF_CONFIG]` (or insert `planner=[VALUE_OF_CONFIG]` with any existing query options).
This planner value (except for `DEFAULT`) has higher precedence than the planner defined in the query (if any).
```
